Updates the Reading Result page (#36100)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/experiments/reading_results.md

{{< img src="/product_analytics/experiment/exp_reading_exps_overview.png" alt="The experiment results overview showing a decision metrics table with control and treatment values, relative lift, and confidence interval bars for three metrics." style="width:90%;" >}}

## Confidence intervals

The confidence interval represents the range of lift values the experiment's data can support. While the true lift can fall outside this range, values inside the interval are statistically more consistent with the observed data.

Datadog also reports the relative lift and its associated confidence interval. Datadog calculates the relative lift as:

$$(\text"Average metric value per treatment subject – Average metric value per control subject") / {\text"Average metric value per control subject"}$$

After you launch your experiment, Datadog begins to calculate results for your selected metrics. For each metric, Datadog shows the average per-subject value for both the control and treatment variants. The per-subject value uses the [subject type][3] you are using for your experiment. The default subject type is **User**.

> If the confidence interval is above zero, the result is statistically significant. This suggests that the observed difference in metrics is unlikely to be attributable to random noise but that the experiment produced a true effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the entire confidence interval is above zero, the result is statistically significant. This suggests that the observed difference in metrics is unlikely to be attributable to random noise and that the experiment produced a true effect.
```
